the votes are all in everybody at 82%
promoted you to eat crow so anyway you
remove the beans out the way take a
moment okay thank you
there you go right now what we're gonna
need to do is get these straight on the
go on with the crab case we've got in
here potatoes we've got some picked
white crabmeat we'll get out to the crab
in a minute we've got a little bit of
onion some chili lemon lime juice touch
of curry powder because it brings out
the flavor of of crab as well if you're
mixing it with results not too not too
much just a little bit a little bit of
coriander and some double cream so if I
can get chefs to chop up a little just
want a small bit of onion that's all
okay and a touch of chili there we go
here we go
in fact you can stir it now there you go
if you feel the need to stir stir that
that's that's the what white calmate in
the potato bigger we're gonna take a
little bit of curry powder just a medium
pre powder that's gonna go in there
while you're stirring that I'm gonna get
on with my little chili jump over here
cuz I'm gonna get my caramel on for this
so with this I'm just gonna add in a
little bit of sugar to a nonstick pan to
make an instant caramel this is gonna be
for actually Germany city so you do know
thank you thank you for voting crab I
think your mother died all the time a
little bit of double cream you can just
put the red onions in there make yeah
that's it
nice mild you don't really need to saute
those off beforehand so nice and Milan
that's enough chili a little bit chilly
but a line now Jamie actually did this
thing where you rolled it on the board
but with lime you can actually get more
juice out of a lime as well by pop it in
the microwave for about 8 seconds 18
seconds no good
walnut all right so a little bit of
chopped coriander and then mold it it's
a nice little cakes and I got some in
the fridge
we're gonna do now is pan-frying our
little cakes in a nice little bit of
vegetable oil not olive oil just a
little bit of vegetable like that now
I've not started these in it's like a
fish cake flour egg and break room like
pan a Nami deep fat fry them but I
actually just like the nice and pan-fry
like that nice and simple lovely it's a
nice octagonal into it those were there
so you can see it better right on with
our little caramel here that's it look
at those now the best part of this is
you need to make these in advance and
they need to firm up in the fridge like
I've done there coz if you literally
just pop them straight away in a pan
actually start to dissolve oh there's a
sink over there you can wash your house
oh yeah
put yours in the monster school just so
you're happy I'm gonna I'm gonna make my
chili jam that Magnum voice yeah when
you finish your mess I want you for them
chop me lil champion a little bit of
ginger now when you're buying two into
your always buy it with a smooth skin
not the rough skin yeah a little bit of
just that way it's got more flavor in
there now if you can chop that makes it
very break like this what I've done here
so in that chili lumped in our chili
we've got got Tomatoes just going in our
blender so think of Oriental in green
it's a little bit of shalat there we go
we've got red chilli because we've got a
chili jam on the fish cake you wanted to
me to do there you go
just don't burn them she's gonna be
eating them do I have to turn em over
yeah yeah just carefully I'll just
carefully turn them over so just nice
and golden brown